Hello, thank you for clicking on my video.
This is a special program for "Ryuichi Sakamoto BTTB Box Set."
It's a pure unboxing video without any background music.
The content is divided into three parts.
A 5-minute immersive unboxing + page-by-page sheet music browsing, and an 8-minute CD listening session.
For more details about the album purchase and introduction, please refer to the main program on this channel.
When recording this, it was my first time opening this box set.
I spent a long time figuring out what all these papers and clippings were.
Later, I looked it up and found out that Miu Sakamoto is Ryuichi Sakamoto's daughter.
I spent more time identifying them and realized the back had nothing to do with Ryuichi Sakamoto (facepalm).
It was hard to believe that these were magazine clippings from 1999.
I wondered at the time if this was the "Contemporary Music Magazine" of that era.
They were preserved in the box like they were brand new.
When opening it for the first time, the tape was still intact.
Sorry, the text here is too small, making it especially hard to focus.
I was so afraid of damaging it at the time that I didn’t even dare to breathe.
Finally, after finishing the unboxing, I took a deep breath.
I recently bought a new reading stand, perfect for flipping through sheet music.
It’s a cheap one from Amazon Canada that frees up your hands while reading.
I can't help but share a little more with everyone.
Last November, at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto,
I attended a performance by Barbara Hannigan & Bertrand Chamayou.
During the last piece, Barbara had to sing and flip through sheet music simultaneously.
The card sheets were about this size.
Her live performance was incredibly passionate.
I was so worried she might flip too many or too few pages and affect her singing.
While browsing Ryuichi Sakamoto's sheet music this time,
I realized that these professional card sheets are particularly sturdy.
They’re easy to flip and hard to turn multiple pages by accident. They feel great to handle.
Alright, there are almost no subtitles left (CD listening starts at 8:19).
Inspired by the previous collector,
I decided to put the poster I brought back from Tokyo,
the 2023 "Ryuichi Sakamoto OPUS" movie version, into the box.
It’ll be my addition to this collection.
Due to its size, it couldn’t fit in the box, so I had to leave it outside.
This MUJI CD player was turned up to maximum volume. Be aware the speakers will distort.
Beep.
It sounds so good, I can’t bring myself to pause it.
I reluctantly rewound it to the first track.
That concludes the behind-the-scenes of the "Ryuichi Sakamoto BTTB Unboxing."
Your support is my greatest motivation to create more. See you next time!